hello this is John from website box and
in this video we'll be covering the
basic customization features of your
website box website to get started click
on the websites app in your control
panel
next click on the thumbnail of the
website that you would like to customize
that website will now be opened in
editing mode across the top of the
screen you'll see a number of different
editing options available to you will
now cover each of these options the
first area is design the changes you
make here will change the overall design
of your website once you click on design
you will see all of the design options
available to you first
is layout the layout option allows you
to change the design of your site this
will completely change the look and feel
of your website it should be noted that
all layouts are mobile-friendly and work
with all browsers and devices the theme
option allows you to choose between
eight different themes these themes will
affect the background font settings and
the look and feel of forms on your
website colors offers a wide variety of
colors that can be used to change the
title header of various gadgets and
content as well as buttons and the
website footer the backgrounds feature
will allow you to select between over
100 background styles colors and types
the header feature will allow you to do
several things for instance you can
change the photos on the slider by
selecting images from the built-in
library upload a photo of your own or at
a YouTube or Vimeo video to the slider
these options can be applied to all of
your pages or to just particular ones on
your website you also have the option to
remove the slider completely by deleting
all of the images from a page and choose
that do not display any images on this
page option the footer settings is where
you will change content on the footer
section of your website traditionally
this area contains the translator
contact information and social media
information but many other options are
available through website box
once you click on footer you will see
the customized footer screen open here
you can see a display of all the various
styles of footer that are offered
including two three or four widget
footers as well as the option to have no
footer at all to edit the widgets in
your footer click Edit under the layout
you plan to use from here you can
customize any information shown in the
footer for instance if you choose a for
widget footer you can select four of the
listed widgets to be displayed at any
time you can switch which widgets
display as well as the order that they
display in let's go ahead and remove the
social media box from the 3rd position
move the contact information to the
third position and add a Facebook box to
the now-empty second position with each
widget just enter the applicable
information such as your Facebook URL
into the Facebook widget and the widget
will automatically be placed on your
footer the next option under design is
for logo settings which allows you to
change the logo on your website or your
designation logos which appear in your
footer you can upload your own logo or
choose one from the stock photos that
represent all major franchises finally
you have the option to change the fonts
used on the website website box allows
you to choose from over 400 different
fonts the next section at the top is the
navigation section this area allows you
to add remove hide or reposition pages
within your website you can add as many
sub pages as you want and can go down
two or even three levels deep please
note that this page is only used to
create your navigation and its structure
if you wish to rename a page you'll need
to go to the specific page you want to
rename and change its name from there
the next section is SEO which stands for
search engine optimization this section
gives you access to each pages meta tags
which is code that visitors can't see
but search engines can first select a
page that you would like to edit the
meta tags on and then change the meta
tags any way you want by adjusting the
text between the title tags
or the text that comes after content
equals make sure to leave all brackets
and quotation marks exactly as they are
so as not to cause issues on your site
changing meta tags is generally
unnecessary as website box automatically
optimizes the information for you you
should only change meta tags if you know
what you're doing
the next section is published pressing
publish will cause all of the changes
that you have made to go live to the web
if you're not ready for the world to see
your changes simply press preview to see
your changes applied without actually
publishing them page name is well the
name of the page you're working on to
change the name of the page simply
change it here if you wish to change the
name of a different page simply go to
that page and you'll be able to do that
page layout affects the various column
Styles that dictate the overall layout
for the page that you're currently
working on once you define the layout of
the page you can move the gadgets around
the page by simply dragging and dropping
them finally insert content allows you
to add different gadgets to your website
website box offers many ready to go
customizable gadgets each of these
gadgets has its own tutorial video to
assist you with editing the available
options that completes our tutorial on
how to change the look and feel of your
website thanks for watching
have a great day